Oh, Hayley, you know what
I drove by the other day?
That old place we always used to
go to when you were little,
the ice cream shop
with the kinda confusing name?
- Hot Scoops?
- Yeah.
Whaddya you say
we go after this,
for old times' sake?
Ah, wish I could,
Big Mama
but I gotta, uh...
get to work.
I thought Sub Hub
was still closed
because of that
whole horse meat thing.
You know, how they found out it
was actually raccoon meat?
That's right, huh?
I meant, um,
I have a...
ah, let's see...
Groff Progressive Student
Alliance meeting.
On Cesar Chavez Day?
Babe, it's
the Scholastic Book Fair
at the middle school today.
Can I get an advance
on my allowance?
Okay,
but no "Goosebumps."
You'll be awake
all night.
Since when does Hayley
have that kind of loot?
Hm, must be pickin' up a
little extra scratch somehow.
Some, uh, walkin' around
money?
Chuckle cheddar?
Some funky frog-skins?
Play-Doh, lil stash
o' cushion cash.
But where is Hayley picking up
that kind of wallet candy?
Must get it from me.
The ability to make money,
that is,
not the money itself.
As you know,
having come from poverty,
I pride myself on my ability
to provide this family
a high standard
of living.
Steve-o, heads up.
Escargot,
comin' in hot.
Hold up, gettin' a call
from my financial planner.
Scotty Boombotty.
Lemme get somewhere quiet
so you can really scream
those big-ass numbers
at me.
Double digit gains,
you say?
No. I said
"devastating losses."
What?
I told you not to put everything
you had into pornographic pogs.
But the children of the '90s
are all grown up.
Naturally they'll now be
looking for pogs
with more
adult-oriented content.
I remember the words
"sure thing" being said.
By you.
I begged you not to do it.
Okay,
give it to me straight.
How much have I lost?
Stan...
you're gonna lose
the house.
No one must know.
No one must know
that anything is wrong.
Porn pogs must've gone
tits up.
I don't think
he's coming down.
Ah, shizballs,
I gotta scoot.
Here, can you stick this
on Dad's back for me?
For your trouble.
Since when does Hayley
have a bleeper?
Are you trying to say
"beeper"?
Where the hell
is this guy?
I got shit
I gotta do.
♪ Good morning, USA ♪
No one must know.
No one must know that
I've bankrupted the family.
You've bankrupted
the what now?
Probably shoulda done this
in the bathroom.
You heard nothing.
Looks like you're gonna
have to find us
some money fast, Francine.
One more thing
to worry about.
What else
is weighing on you?
Those chimpanzees
in the news,
that've been stepping
on landmines
and losing their limbs?
The chimp-u-tees?
No, it's Hayley.
Klaus,
I think she might be...
dealing.
Pai Gow?
Drugs.
Cool.
But no way.
Hayley's a drug doer,
not a drug dealer.
Oh, yeah?
What about the money,
the secretiveness,
the bleeper...
Sometimes I feel like
I don't know her at all.
It's not like it was
when she was little.
We were two peas in a pod
back then.
Inseparable.
And everywhere we went people
just ate us right up, too.
You've heard the term
"daughter-mama-charm-a-rama"?
No, never.
Well, we were a mega
daughter-mama-charm-a-rama.
Oh, well,
that I've heard.
But that was when
she was a kid.
Now, honestly, God knows
what she could be up to.
Why would you put this
in here?
- Whatcha doing?
- Nothing.
Say, what's in
the duffel bag?
Nothing.
Gotta go.
You've been making
that face a lot lately.
- Mm. Like this.
- Mm.
This face. Mm.
I've ruined us, Roger.
All our money,
our iconic house, gone.
Oh, so you need to pick up
a little extra scratch?
Funky frog-skins?
A little zip-a-
dee-moo-lah?
'Scuse me one sec.
You.
Don't move.
Rugged despair,
salt-and-pepper stubble,
Buzz Lightyear chin...
Why are you wearing
a garbage bag?
I didn't bring a costume with me
so I had to make do
with what I could find
in the bathroom trash can.
Giardia Capitosto, Web Ad
Stock Photo Talent Manager.
The internet needs handsome,
graying,
worried faces like yours.
Erectile dysfunction, reverse
mortgages, 401k mismanagement...
from now on, you could be
the face of them all.
- Is there money in that?
- I think so?
All I know is
you've got it, kid,
and I'm gonna put you
in the pictures.
The little pictures
at the bottom of the screen
on Barstool Sports.
What the hell are you doing
in that bush?
If you must know,
I am trying to sneak into
my ex-boyfriend's
apartment.
Sheila?
Oh, great.
- Aah!
- The jib is up.
I know you've been pushing...
...arthritis medication?
It's true.
These last few months
I've had a secret side hustle
going as a...
pharmaceutical
representative.
So that's
how you've been making
all that extra money?
Pushing pills
for Big Pharma.
Mom, I am begging you
to keep this secret.
If anyone at the Groff
Progressives found out...
Oh, I'll keep it secret, alright.
Secret like a fox.
- What does that--
- I want in.
I want to push pills
for Big Pharma, too.
Isn't this whole Pharma rep
thing a little shady, though?
Buttering up a bunch
of pervy old doctors to--
Informing a bunch
of pervy old doctors,
about a miracle
arthritis drug
that really will help
so many people.
Hey, if I ever found out
Bendjuvanex wasn't all
it's cracked up to be,
I would quit like that.
But this drug
is the real deal.
Derived from armadillo mucin
humanely harvested
from the best-treated armadillos
in the world.
Plus,
it's been a great way
to make a little
extra scratch, ya know?
That light-green
good-good.
Our scientists start
with the best part
of the armadillo,
the mucin.
And through a proprietary
extraction technology
yield an efficacy rate
of 42% over placebo...
...with a Bayesian
credible interval
of .52 to 1.39.
Alleviation of arthritic
immobility reaches
39% and 47%...
over leading
generic therapies
at initial dosages...
...of 200 and 400 milligrams respectively.
Other compelling numbers
include 27,
7,000, 70,000...
Okay,
thanks so much,
but I think I'll just
stick with generics.
Have a blessed day.
Another bust.
The commissions came so easy
at first, but lately...
Maybe it's time
to just hang it up.
Or maybe we just need to
jazz up our pitch a little--
Mom, I've been doing this
a while now, okay?
This is how we do it.
Alright,
sugar dumpling,
now, y'all don't forget
your chip clips
and your pen-
flashlight-thumbdrive.
Oh, sweet.
And I'll be in touch
with those Shark tickets, too.
Do you come
with the tickets?
Listen, y'all keep
those prescriptions
a-scribble-dibble-doodlin',
and I just might.
Kidding not kidding.
Oh, I will.
Also kidding.
I'm not kidding.
There he is.
My worried web ad Adonis.
So rugged.
So handsome.
So haunted.
Brian, your KFC Famous Bowl
is here.
- Don't move a muscle.
- Bubbeleh, amazing news.
We already have another
10 gigs lined up.
Your money troubles
are finito.
Ah. Oh, my God,
thank you, Roger.
Giardia
Something-Something.
This is such a relief.
Now, you've just taken out
a reverse mortgage,
and you're rocked
to your very core
contemplating
the unforeseen risks.
No, no, no,
no, no, no.
What the-- You, trash woman,
over here.
- What's up?
- What happened?
He's lost the look.
- The what?
The look. Look.
Just look at him.
Oh, yeah.
God,
he sucks.
Where's the concern?
The stunned, grave,
soul-piercing worry?
It's not there.
He's [bleep] it up.
I got this.
- What's up. Everything good?
Hmm, you know, on the set
of "The Exorcist,"
Billy Friedkin once
slapped an actor
to get the stunned,
haunted look he needed.
Well, that's a really
interesting bit of movie trivia.
Thanks for--
- There it is. Go, go, go.
- Hayley, listen!
- Aah!
Sorry. Look, I know you wanna
stick to facts and figures,
but if we're gonna keep
this gig goin'
and the money a-flowin',
we have to change things up.
Okay, well,
just how, exactly?
By focusing
on the four S's--
sex, sass, and swag.
That's three.
What's the fourth "S"?
It's "us."
The "S" is at the end
of that one.
Us.
You and me.
The daughter-mama-
charm-a-rama.
Trust me.
This is
how we do it.
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ Sha, la, la,
la, la, la, lo ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ Sha, la, la,
la, la, la, lo ♪
Okay, I'll do
anything you want.
Just give it to me.
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ I'll never come wack
on an old-school track ♪
♪ This is
how we do it ♪
♪ I'm kinda buzzed,
it's all because ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ South Central does it
like nobody does ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ Oh, it's party time ♪
♪ Straight up comin'
from the West Side ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ OG's got the flavor, yeah ♪
Hmm, the broad's got
the right look,
but your boy...
On it.
And this is
how we do it.
- Who are you talking to?
- Anyone who'll listen.
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ South Central does it
like nobody does ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ To all my neighbors
you got much flavor ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ I'll never come wack
on an old-school track ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ I'm kinda buzzed,
it's all because ♪
♪ This is how we... ♪
Have we made enough money
to save the house yet?
Not quite, love.
But never fear.
Because you're moving up
to the big leagues--
a live-action TV commercial
for, wait for it, Bendjuvanex.
One last big slap, and
your money troubles are finito.
Whaddya say we go to BJ's
and celebrate with a Pizookie?
One more big slap,
and your troubles
could be just beginning.
Oh, right,
I forgot we were here.
All those slaps have left
your face as fragile
as a gossamer veil of ice
atop a springtime lagoon.
My God, that's...
a beautiful description.
The point is,
even one more slap
to Stan's
bullshit face bones
and he risks...
a full facial
cave-in.
I still wanna get
a Pizookie.
I give you
our new top regional reps,
Hayley and Francine Smith,
who will be receiving
a hefty bonus and the honor
of driving
the Bendjuvanex Pillmobile.
I couldn'a done it
without ya.
So here's to you,
Big Mama.
Nah, nah, nah,
Little Mama. To us.
I couldn't've done it
without you either.
No us?
No magic.
And no magic...
no mona-a-a-y.
Aight, I gotta use
the little reps' room.
Congra-a-a-a-tulations
to the big hero.
You wanna go, brah?
What's your problem, chief?
Our problem
is Bendjuvanex.
I was the lead scientist
who developed it.
And this miracle drug
that I made,
and that
you're selling...
isn't all
it's cracked up to be.
Oh, no.
Does it not work?
What?
It works great.
I take it myself.
In fact,
it works too great.
The clinical trials all went
so well at first.
The subjects' arthritis
improved rapidly.
But soon, after ingesting
all that damn mucin,
they must've built up so many
armadillo pheromones that...
they began to attract...
...predators.
First came
the coyotes.
Our headquarters was
right next to a desert.
Then the bears, owls,
red-tailed hawks,
a few Komodo dragons.
94%
of the non-control group
was killed
by armadillo predators.
Well, that was in
a lab setting.
We don't know
it'll translate to--
Yes, we do!
And we covered it up!
God knows what we're
unleashing on the world!
Shame on all of us!
I didn't get to finish
my negroni!
Hey.
Did I miss anything?
Nope. In fact, you're
getting half a negroni.
Make sure you got
the Bendjuvanex barbecue set.
The doc we're seeing here
is a total swag hag.
Hey, you can't
park that there!
It's okay!
We're top regional reps!
His office is
just through the E.R.
Another coyote bite here.
Komodo dragon just tore through
the Ruby Tuesday's on Sixth.
Incoming!
- Coyotes?
Komodo--
What the hell is going on?
I have no idea.
Oh, don't you?
This is exactly what I warned
you would happen.
Mom, what's this guy
talking about?
I'm talking about Bendjuvanex.
They knew
this would happen.
and they covered it up.
And so did she.
- Wha-- I--
- Bear!
Oh, God,
what have we done?
So this is true?
And you...
knew?
I...didn't know
for sure that--
And you let me go out there
with you,
pushing this death drug
onto people?
- I just-- I needed--
- You needed what?
A little extra scratch?
How could you?
I-- I never want
to speak to you again.
Tom Bagetti:
Can you do me a solid?
Check out my toe tag.
Tell me what it says?
Please, please, please,
please, please, please, please.
"Goner."
Are you sure you want me
to slap you, Stan?
If you care to remember,
your face might cave in.
I'm afraid
we have no choice.
It's a risk
I'll just have to take.
I needs dem clams.
Whoa. Now, that's what I call
grave, soul-piercing worry.
Stan.
Lock that in.
You got back the look.
It's a miracle.
What the-- What--
What the hell is this?
Weren't you just a photographer
a few weeks ago?
Yeah, my career
has advanced, too.
I'm a director now.
But this is
an "after" commercial.
After the drug has given him
a new lease on life.
I need ease,
contentment, joy.
Quick, Stan, smile.
I--
I can't.
I'm locked in here.
Oh, God, oh, God,
oh, God, oh, God.
Roger, slap me.
If you could slap worry
onto my face,
just maybe
you can slap it--
♪ Bendjuvanex ♪
Look forward again
to the free time,
the quality time,
the good times.
Bendjuvanex.
Look forward again...
to what's around the bend.
♪ Bend, bend,
Bendjuvanex ♪
Side effects,
while rare, may include hypoxia,
hypothermia, heart palpitations, hyperhydrosis,
hydrohyposis, encephalitis,
elephantitis, and weeping anus.
If you experience weeping anus
that lasts longer
than 24 hours,
that's a bad sign.
If while taking the drug
you see any coyotes, bears,
owls, Komodo dragons or various
desert raptors lurking nearby,
don't worry about it. It's
probably just your imagination.
♪ Bendjuvan-- ♪
They're still covering it all up
and selling the damn stuff.
Sorry, what?
No one's been keeping me
in the loop on this one.
You were, dealing Pai Gow
or something?
- This a religious thing?
- No.
I'm here on behalf
of Bobo's Promise,
the chimp-u-tee
char-i-tee?
Are you
Francine Smith?
no.
Oh, well, we're here
to thank her
for the generous
weekly donations
of $10,000
she's been making
for the past two months.
Wait, that would've been
her entire share
of everything we made,
from the very start...
"Made."
So that means
there's no more money?
Ah, crap, I'm selling this thing
for scrap metal, then.
See ya.
Wouldn't wanna be ya, Bobo.
So you didn't do it
for the money?
No.
I knew your dad
was taking care of that.
I mean, his face is all over
the dang internet.
The money...
was always just an excuse.
- For what?
- To hang out with you.
Like we did
when you were little.
That's why I didn't tell you
when I found out about the drug.
I just didn't want it
to end.
I'm sorry, kiddo.
Now, come on.
Let's go
that [bleep] pharmaceutical
company's shit
right up
in the [bleep] face.
Alright, we go in
through the vents,
make our way
to the C-suite,
download the secret
animal attack data,
and get it to the press.
Why'd you bring
the t-shirt cannon?
Case we run into
any trouble.
Got it.
Hand it over, ladies.
Quick, Hayley.
Charm him.
You think you can tug
at my heartstrings?
I'm a pharmaceutical executive.
I don't have any.
Run!
Gotcha.
Hey. Skinko.
Time to take
your medicine.
Oh, no.
Security Guard:
Mr. Skinko, coyotes have
breached the perimeter
and are in the vents.
Armadillo tuck.
You know, we should
do this more often.
Hang out, that is,
not, you know, this.
Now, that's what I call
a little extra scratch.
Let's get outta here.
This is actually
pretty gruesome.
Bye. Have a great time.